Who are you?
I am Wu Siyao's fiancé Ye Wushuang
It's him again, it's a Ye Wushuang
Boss, I don't think you've had enough
How dare you!
Even my son dares to hit
how
I just hit. What's the matter? If you're not happy, shut up first.
Is there any misunderstanding in Mr. Hu?
My son was beaten, what could be the misunderstanding?
Just two things today?
I'll just say it together.
Wu Siyao will be engaged to my son tomorrow
You take this box of gold bars
In addition
Ye Wushuang, I have to take my son's big
It won't be for nothing.
I will never marry Master Tiger, don't even think about it
Wu Siyao, you are still stubborn
What's so good about this kid?
You marry me Hu Yue
I guarantee you will eat spicy food and drink spicy food for the rest of your life
Beard, don't be confused.
Hu Shao is our famous rich man
He can see you
Then our ancestors smoked blue smoke.
Brought a box of gold bars
Did you see it?
No, it's not Maixue.
I will not marry
Isn't it just a box of gold bars to ask you to marry?
10 million in this card
Enough to top your box of gold bars?